c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\obj\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.pdb
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\obj\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.dll
c:\users\ykececi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\obj\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\ykececi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\ykececi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\ykececi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\MyIocContainer.dll
c:\Users\ykececi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\MyIocContainer.pdb
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.dll.config
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.pdb
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\MyIocContainer.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\MyIocContainer.pdb
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\WebWithIoC.pdb
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\obj\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\obj\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.dll
X:\_SYNC\_ShareCommon\PROJECTS\WebWithIoC\WebWithIoC.Tests\obj\Debug\WebWithIoC.Tests.pdb
